changelog: add missing entries for #3592 and #3616 (#3622)
PostgREST/postgrest: CHANGELOG.md

 - #2052, Dropped support for PostgreSQL 10 - @wolfgangwalther
 - #2052, Dropped support for PostgreSQL 11 - @wolfgangwalther

### Documentation

>  - #3592, Improve the architecture diagram - @laurenceisla
>    + The components now have links to their reference in the Docs
>    + SVG format instead of PNG
>    + Supports dark mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - #3592, Architecture diagram now supports dark mode and has links - @laurenceisla
```

>  - #3616, Modify the schema isolation diagram - @laurenceisla
>    + Simplify the non-exposed schemas
>    + SVG format instead of PNG
>    + Supports dark mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - #3616, The schema isolation diagram now supports dark mode and uses well-known schemas  - @laurenceisla
```
